procedures: Add readiness init container docs (#2139)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/assembly_enabling-and-disabling-readiness-init-containers-for-the-olm-installer.adoc

:parent-context-of-enabling-and-disabling-readiness-init-containers-for-the-olm-installer: {context}

[id="enabling-and-disabling-readiness-init-containers-for-the-olm-installer_{context}"]
= Enabling and disabling the readiness init containers for the OLM installer

:context: enabling-and-disabling-readiness-init-containers-for-the-olm-installer

> You can enable and disable the readiness init containers for {prod-short} installed by the OLM installer, which is a {prod-short} installer that uses the Operator Lifecycle Manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable and disable the readiness init containers for {prod-short} installed by the OLM installer. (Available through `{prod-cli}`, the OLM installer uses the Operator Lifecycle Manager to install {prod-short}.)
```

> You can enable and disable the readiness init containers for {prod-short} installed by the OLM installer. (Available through `{prod-cli}`, the OLM installer uses the Operator Lifecycle Manager to install {prod-short}.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable and disable the readiness init containers for the {prod-short} installed by the OLM installer. (Available through `{prod-cli}`, the OLM installer uses the Operator Lifecycle Manager to install {prod-short}.)
```
